The night was not always dark and full of terrors...

For millennia, a thousand Star-Gods had been fighting a war to save their world from the 
Darkness, and for millennia, they had been winning - the Darkness had been pushed back 
beyond the Outer Void, and the world basked in light neverending. 
That was, until the betrayal...

The Sun-God Solei, who had stayed behind to watch over the world while their siblings 
fought to destroy the Darkness, had long grown bitter and resentful. Few mortals worshipped 
them, instead choosing to glorify the Star-Gods that were fighting in the Astral War. Solei 
would punish them for this decision.

King Raah of Asterant, Solei's champion, driven by the anger and jealousy that defined their 
god, confronted Khurgan, the Bloody Star - a god of war and the strongest of the Star-Gods. 
In a battle that rewrote fate itself, a man slew a god, and the crimson shards of Khurgan's 
divine form were ravenously devoured by the Darkness they had fought against for millennia. 
The Star-Gods knew at once that their war had been lost - the Darkness breached their defences, 
and once again threatened to consume the world.

Now, under Solei's burning gaze, Raah's armies and his Solar Inquisition are on the march.
With the kingdoms of the world pushed to the brink of annihilation by the monstrosities that 
emerge from the Darkness, and the Star-Gods fighting desperately to patch the hole in their 
defences, it appears as if there are none with the strength to challenge Solei's tyranny.

Yet there is hope, for the High Zodiacs of the Pale City have divined a future without blinding
light and all-consuming darkness. Messengers are dispatched far across sunburnt wastelands 
and deep into abyssal woods. Heroes are found, given golems infused with the power of the 
Star-Gods as allies, and sent on a quest. Using what remains of Khurgan's divine essence to 
grant them strength through sacrifice, these 'Usurpers' shall grow in power until one can strike 
down Raah and take his throne. Only then, can Solei be punished for their treachery.

So then, Usurper, are you ready to begin your travels?